# Contributing to CA Mobile App Services SDK
Contribution are welcome and much appreciated. It is easy to contribute to this project but to make your life easier we put together the steps your need to follow.

## Code Standard and Guideline
MAS SDK was developed following some code guidelines and we expect project participants to adhere to. Please refer to [Code Standard and Guideline][guidelines] for the complete document.

## Our Development Process
The team will also be working on the same GitHub repos to continue evolving the SDK. The `develop branch` is the one used for development and the `master branch` will be only for the stable releases.
Please try to use only specific releases from our master branch in your production environment.

### Pull Requests
We actively welcome any pull requests. Upon arrival, every pull request will be peer reviewed and sent to QA to perform some integration and smoke tests on it. Later a core team member will sign off and perform the merge of that pull request.
We'll do our best to provide updates and feedback throughout the process.

1. Fork the repo and create your branch from `master`.
4. Add unit tests for any new code you add.
3. If you've changed APIs, update the documentation.
4. Ensure the test suite passes.
5. Make sure your code follow the [Code Standard Guideline][guidelines]

NOTE: By executing this pull request you are accepting [contribution agreement][contribution-agreement]

## Bugs
We work hard to avoid them, but you may still run into some issues. GitHub issues will be used for any bugs found in our SDK. General or technical questions as well as feedbacks should be posted on our [Community Page][community]

### Known Issues
We use GitHub issues to track public bugs. We will keep a close eye on this and try to make it clear when we have an internal fix in progress. Before filing a new issue, try to make sure your problem doesn't already exist.

### Reporting New Issues
When reporting a new issue, please try to provide us with details and steps to reproduce it. The more information you provide us the easier it'll be for us to debug and the faster you'll receive a fix. Some examples of useful tips:

* A description. What did you expect to happen and what actually happened? Why do you think that was wrong?
* Debug output generated by the SDK
* A simple unit test or app that fails.
* What version does this reproduce on? What version did it last work on?
* Anything else you find relevant. 

## License
By contributing to CA Mobile App Services SDK, you agree that your contributions will be licensed under its [license][license-link].


 [guidelines]: https://github.com/CAAPIM/iOS-MAS-SDK/blob/develop/GUIDELINES.md
 [community]: http://mas.ca.com/community/
 [license-link]: /LICENSE
 [contribution-agreement]: /CTB-AGREEMENT.md
