# Contribute to CA Mobile App Services SDK
Contributions are welcome and much appreciated. Just follow these easy steps to contribute.

## Code Standard and Guideline
For consistency, we ask that you adhere to some basic code guidelines when contributing to the MAS SDK. See the [Code Standard and Guideline][guidelines] for details.

## Our Development Process
To continue involving the SDK, the MAS development team will work on the same GitHub repos as you. The `develop branch` is used for development, and the `master branch` is used only for stable releases.
**Note:** For production environments, please use releases only from the master branch.

### Pull Requests
We welcome and encourage pull requests. When we get a pull request, it is peer reviewed and sent to QA for integration and smoke testing. Next, a core team member sign offs and performs the pull request merge. We'll provide updates and feedback throughout the process to keep you informed.

Follow these steps for pull requests:

1. Fork the repo and create your branch from `master`.
4. For any new code, add unit tests.
3. If you've changed APIs, update the documentation.
4. Verify that the test suite passes.
5. Verify that your code follows the [Code Standard Guideline][guidelines]
6. If you haven't already, complete the Contributor License Agreement ("CLA").

### Contributor License Agreement ("CLA")
To accept pull requests, submit a CLA. (Submitting a single CLA lets you work on any open source projects from CA, Inc.)

Complete your CLA here: <https://www.clahub.com/agreements/CAAPIM/Sample>

## Bugs
We work hard to avoid them, but they still happen. Use GitHub issues to file bugs in the SDK. To post general or technical SDK questions, go to [Community Page][community] APIM, Mobile API Gateway.

### Known Issues
We also use GitHub issues for updates to known issues, including alerts when fixes are in progress. 

### Reporting New Issues
Before filing a new issue, check Known Issues to see if your problem already exists. When reporting a new issue, provide as much detail as possible. The more information, the easier it is to debug and the faster you'll get a fix. 

**Tips:**

* A description. What did you expect to happen? What actually happened? Why do you think the behavior was incorrect?
* Provide debug output generated by the SDK.
* A simple unit test or app that fails.
* What version are you running when reproducing issue? What was the last version that the feature worked?
* Anything else that seems relevant. 

## License
By contributing to CA Mobile App Services SDK, you agree that your contributions will be licensed under its [license][license-link].


 [guidelines]: /GUIDELINES.md
 [community]: http://mas.ca.com/community/
 [license-link]: /LICENSE
 
